Mail Listener Fetch fails on unicode issue (#15605)
demisto/content: Packs/MailListener/ReleaseNotes/1_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Mail Listener v2

> - Fixed an issue in **fetch incidents** command where some data fetched from the API could not be parsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **fetch incidents** command failed to parse specific mail messages.
```
